You know, a lot of people I interview
have had fleeting interactions in
one-off instances. You know, they've
been abducted by a gray or they've, you
know, interacted with a a tall white or
a Nord. You've had years of interactions
uh with all three, but mostly with the
tall whites.
There was this giant white radioactive
horse
that floated around the ranges at night
and was fluorescent.
The extraterrestrials when they come,
even if they're your good friends,
there's always attention because they
always come heavily armed.
>> Today's amazing guest on American
Alchemy has seen the inside of a UFO.
He's a firsthand witness to the
collaboration between human beings and
aliens from another world. He's even
made an alien laugh.
[Laughter]
Charles Hall was in the Air Force. He
was also stationed at the notorious Area
51. While stationed there, he was in
regular contact with an alien race that
he calls the Tall Whites for 2 years.
This conversation is absolutely wild.
There's a guy at NASA who has a deep
interest in these sorts of things,
experiencers. Uh, his name is Timothy
Taylor. Have you heard of him by any
chance? Um,
>> did you say Timothy Taylor?
>> Yeah.
>> He's a good friend of ours.
>> We're going to be talking about aliens
going to the bathroom, what powers a
UFO, and theories of subatomic physics
that overturned Einstein. Before we get
into it, I want to introduce our guest,
Charles Hall. Hall enlisted in the US
Air Force in 1964 when he was just 19
years old. He trained as a weather
observer measuring wind speeds, cloud
cover, and visibility. From 1965 to
1967, he was stationed at Nellis Air
Force Base in Nevada. His job included
long isolated tours at the Indian
Springs Gunnery Ranges. He was out in
the desert doing routine weather
observations when he started noticing
strange figures. tall, pale, glowing
shapes moving at a distance. At first,
he thought they were ghosts or maybe
hallucinations brought on by solitude.
Other observers had similar experiences.
They called it the legend of Range for
Harry, a ghostly radioactive horse
roaming the desert. One observer was
even injured in an encounter with
something and given a medical discharge.
Others flat out refused to return to the
post. But Hall was very different.
Something about who he was meant that he
wasn't going to break like the others
had. And both his commanders and these
tall white beings seemed to take notice.
In this isolated crucible, he began
slowly interacting with the tall whites.
These beings would stalk him and test
him, appear suddenly, and vanish, slowly
gauging his reactions. But he eventually
learned this unwritten language. And
although there were some painful
setbacks, he gradually developed a
trust. He saw family groups, parents,
children, elders. He would even end up
referring to one of them as something
like a brother. Hall claims that the
tall whites lived in underground
facilities at the north end of Indian
Springs Valley, complete with hangers
for their craft, a story bearing
striking resemblance to that of Bob
Lazar. He learned about their different
flying crafts. And as you'll see in our
conversation, what he saw comports with
much of what we've learned about UAPs
since 2017. But the tall whites were not
the only alien race described in this
story. Hall has talked about the grays,
the small, frail, large-headed humanoids
that match the classic Roswell image.
The tall white technology was better
than the technology of the grays. But
the grays come from a planet that's
closer than the planet the tall whites
come from. And the grays got here first.
And then there are the Nordics, what
you'll hear refer to as the Norwegians
with the 24 teeth. Hall described them
as more patient, more diplomatic, even
benevolent compared to the tall whites.
Some of them could pass among humans in
the public, sometimes blending into
crowds. There is no end to the
speculation about how these alien
species, who Hall suggests have been
here for thousands of years, might have
interacted with humanity's evolution or
social development. If all of this
sounds crazy, well, yeah, I don't blame
you. And trust me, we've only scratched
the surface here. I personally don't
even know what to make about this
conversation. There are things Charles
Hall is about to say that feel beyond
the pale to me. So that's my primer for
you. Without further ado, please welcome
this week's amazing American Alchemist,
Charles Hall. Today's episode is
sponsored by Incogn. Before we dive into
today's episode of American Alchemy, I
want to give a quick shout out to our
amazing sponsor, Incogn. This is a
service that I use to make all of my
personal information vanish from the
sketchiest corners of the internet.
Here's a fun but slightly terrifying
experiment. Google your full name plus
your city. What comes up? Old addresses,
family members, court records you didn't
even know were public, and maybe some
bizarre risk profile that makes you
sound like a bond villain. That's all
thanks to data brokers. companies you've
never heard of quietly buying, selling,
and reselling your personal information
to advertisers, political campaigns,
insurers, even scammers. And Cognney
fights them for you. They contact over
250 data brokers. They demand your data
to be deleted and follow up until it's
actually gone. And now they've launched
something called custom removals, part
of their unlimited plan. Here's the
upgrade. If you find your information on
any site anywhere on the internet, even
ones outside of their automated system,
you just paste the link into your
dashboard and incognally
get it taken down and you get unlimited
requests. Think sites like
whitepages.com, trellis.law, or
unicort.com.
Places you'd never visit, but where your
data somehow lives rentree. I personally
use it because I don't have the time or
quite frankly the patience to chase down
every obscure website that's selling my
address for $2.50. And with Incogn.
So take your personal data back with
Incogn. Use code American Alchemy or go
to incogn.com/ameanalchemy
to get 60% off an annual plan. Again,
that is 60% off an annual plan. That's
over half the normal price off. Online
privacy isn't about paranoia. It's about
control. And this is one of the easiest
ways to get some of that control back.
So, don't put it off. Take care of your
internet hygiene. Now, let's get back
into this crazy episode.
I am here with Charles Hall. Um, it's an
honor to have you. It's been a long time
coming. You're the subject of an amazing
documentary by uh Emil Marzac called
Walking with the Tall Whites. Uh but
you've also uh written a series of
amazing books called Millennial
Hospitality. You have six volumes.
>> There's six volumes.
>> You have six volumes at this point. And
uh you've interacted with, you know, a
lot of people I interview have had
fleeting interactions in one-off
instances. You know, they've been
abducted by a gray or they've, you know,
interacted with a a tall white or a
Nordday. You've had years of
interactions uh with all three, but
mostly with the tall whites. And I
really want to uh dive into that. But
first I want to talk about your hall
photon theory. Uh you believe that
Einstein is wrong and has limited
physics uh stagnated it for the last
century. And so let's get into that.
>> I'm quite certain Einstein was wrong.
the and I've also written books entitled
Beyond Relativity and I've done a Rumble
video entitled
Mirage Galaxies and Edges in Space.
Edges is spelled with capital letters
because it's a zone. And I've also done
a second um
uh film with Amal Marzac which discusses
that called walking with the tall whites
aftermath
and I've also c that's all copyrighted
hall photon theory. I first copyrighted
whole photon theory in 1997
and I'm quite certain that there are
many more particles subatomic particles
and many more types of force fields
avail which exist in the real world and
that's why relativity is not correct
because relativity doesn't take those
into account
>> and for context for the audience uh you
are extremely smart you of a master's
degree in nuclear physics and you scored
off the charts on uh one of these math
tests before joining the army.
>> And I was in the Air Force and what you
say is correct. I got one wrong out of
500 on the Air Force math ability test.
It was the one I was marking as I was
marking the correct answer as the clock
had sounded and they were ripping the
answer sheet from my cold hands. If they
just given me 10 more seconds, I'd have
got them all.
>> That's amazing. But you you told me off
air that what inspired this whole photon
theory was you actually seeing a craft
and realizing it could go faster than
light. So you were stationed at Area 51.
>> That's correct. Well, I was a weather
observer in the US Air Force and I was
stationed at Nellis Air Force Base uh
from March of 1965 until May of 1967.
And Nellis is in charge of the gunnery
ranges at Indian Springs and I was a
duty weather observer at Indian Springs.
Area 51 is just in the 6 1965
was just the entry area to the areas and
the areas went up to number 60 and I've
been in all of them. The areas were
assembled into lands. One the most
famous land was Dreamland. Area 51 was
not actually Dreamland itself. It was
merely Groom Lake. Dreamland was area 53
and 54, which was the northern half of
Indian Springs Valley and then the
valley to the east, Dog Bone Valley, and
part of the valley to the west,
including French Peak. The biggest shock
was not that extraterrestrials were here
on Earth and had been ever since at
least the ice age. The biggest shock
that I felt was discovering that
Einstein was wrong about relativity.
The craft that the tall whites and the
grays came in, the Roswell grays came in
could easily exceed the speed of light
by many times. The tall white technology
was better than the technology of the
grays. But the grays come from a planet
that's closer than the planet the tall
whites come from. And the grays got here
first. So I would guess that 90% of the
time that you see an actual
extraterrestrial craft, it's one of the
gray craft. And about 10% of the time
it's one of the tall white craft.
And um the grays are much more numerous.
For that reason, I remember the shock
when I really truly understood that
Einstein was wrong about relativity. I
was out at range three and as the duty
weather observer.
>> What year is this?
>> And this was in the mid 1960s. This was
like in 1965,
the late summer. And there was a six-w
weekek or two-month period
where I was certain that the tall white
individuals who identified themselves as
the teacher and range for Harry and tour
guide who were my good friends that they
had taken a vacation or a business trip
somewhere and that they weren't on this
planet and that they had gone to some
other inhabited planet orbiting some
other star. A reasonable guess would
have been the star Arcturus or a star
near Arcturus.
Then they came back. I believed they'd
been on a business trip/ vacation type
trip. Now Arcturus is 36 light years
away and the nearest star Alpha Centuri
is almost four light years away. It's a
group of three stars. And to go anywhere
and come back to another star, the craft
you were on had to travel quite a few
times faster than the speed of light,
like 44 times or something minimum, just
to go there and come back in 2 months. I
think a lot of people in the audience
might hear that they're coming back and
forth from, you know, a star system that
is 36 light years away and want to know
some core details as to what you are
seeing. Do you see the crafts coming in
and what did they on the night of the
>> on the night of the full moon or a few
days before or a few days after? But
their base at the north end of Indian uh
at Indian Springs, they were using Dog
Bone Lake as their landing field.
>> What do the crafts look like?
>> Like Tik Toks. Like tic tacs.
>> Yeah, like like eggs. Like white eggs.
They were eggshaped. Are they of the
kind of, you know, David Fraver 2004,
the Nimmit sighting where you have a tic
tac or was it like the egg that Jake
Barber or, you know, Sakoro New Mexico
64, you know, those are two different sh
or both both shapes? When I first saw
him,
it reminded me the the most of like a
large version of a pass of the engine of
a passenger train only with with
everything rounded like an egg. There
were no sharp edges, no sharp
protrusions, just smooth and round like
a round. It was ellipsoidal. Okay.
>> Any hieroglyphics or symbols? not on the
outside when you went on their writing
is hieroglyphics more so the their
writing if you didn't know Egyptian
hieroglyphics
some a couple of the guys that were with
me who had seen them thought that they
were ancient Egyptians who had somehow
or another gotten into Indian Springs
Valley and trapped there and were still
using their own hieroglyphics.
>> Who thought that?
>> Uh
a couple of the other rangemen. Yeah.
>> Interesting. and they can stand right
there in front of you. I speak from
direct experience. And if they feel like
talking to each other using sounds too
high for a human to hear, they'll do so.
And
>> and if you didn't know better, you'd
think they were able to do telepathy cuz
they'll be sitting there in total
silence and one will laugh and then
they'll be going through a complete
conversation. And of course their
electronics also are able to tell what a
person is thinking and to put thoughts
in the conscious part of their mind
by electronic means.
>> Why do you think that
>> by from direct experience? Okay.
>> Did they have a device that could
implant thoughts?
>> Yeah. Only it was it wasn't a big device
that they had to carry in their hands.
It was one that they carry that would
they carry like in on a helmet or
whatever, you know.
>> And what's the broader context here? Are
you sort of this rogue Air Force
rangeman or do the other rangemen and
superiors are they aware of this ET
presence coexisting alongside you guys
at this testing complex? And is is it
sort of a there's there's just this kind
of awareness that there's this
cohabitation there.
>> The Pentagon
had a tiny handful of people
that knew they that interacted with
them. The range maintenance men,
a few knew they were there, but most of
them just knew about the legend of Range
for Harry. The range, the legend of
range for Harry was that there was this
giant white radioactive horse
that
floated around the ranges at night and
was fluorescent
and supposedly was a horse that had
gotten too close to the bomb blast at
Yaka Plats. And you'd see him on warm
summer nights from a distance and you
could stay but you needed to stay away
from him.
>> And he was called Range for Harry. Now
there was an actual tall white guy with
the name Range for Harry. He and the
tall whites when they were wearing their
protective suits could form up into a
for high-speed horse formation.
Like if there were a typical one is if
there were two women, a couple, three
kids, children, and two men. The two
women would be in front and bend over
and at the waist and bend forward and
put their arms out like that
some usually and they would be the front
of the horse. And then the three
children would whose the remember their
suits the technology of them allowed
them to float 9 or 10 in off the ground.
They could float a lot higher if they
wanted to, but they had to balance
themselves. And the children would float
whose suits were a slightly different
design would float would float higher so
that they were floating at about the
waist level. So you'd have the two women
in front than the three children. Then
at the back you'd have the two men who
had bigger suits and more powerful uh
packs and they would bend over the
children. So if you saw them when they
were out in the desert, say a/4 mile
away, when they all turned on their
suits, the force fields from around
those suits merged into one. And I speak
from direct experience, you would swear
there was a giant white floating horse
coming at you from out in the desert. M
>> now that horse could when they were in
that formation. And the reason I call it
the high-speed horse formation is cuz
when they I personally watched them when
they wanted to go somewhere with out
when they were out hiking say like and
they wanted to go somewhere fast, they
could form up into that formation and
they could reach speeds of a 100 miles
an hour over the desert by floating up
above the the ground and just going
zoom. I I used to watch them play at the
runways at Indian Springs Air Base on
summer nights as the way to did where
they would pretend they were airplanes
taking off and then when they got to the
end they would lift up and go over the
fence around the runway and go out in
the desert and turn around and pretend
they were airplanes doing touch and
goes. Why do you think they were allowed
to operate independently on kind of
American military grounds? Did did so.
The superiors were kind of
>> the base for them was like a foreign
embassy.
>> They and uh and they've been here since
the ice age.
>> Do you think it was the nuclear testing
that like created some sort of Wheeler
tunnel or something that they traveled
through or like why there why do you
think they they set up shop there?
Um, consider I'm certain that the grays
got here first and they were here before
the last ice age and that the tall
whites got here second and they were
here by at least the middle of the last
ice age and the Norwegians with 24 teeth
got here towards the end of the last ice
age. The 12 whites have the best
technology.
The grays have really good technology.
The Norwegians are just barely able to
travel in space and make it here. When
you look at the bases and where the
tall whites and the grays are, you have
to look at the way they were in the ice
age. There's a place out in the deserts
of that I was in. It's out in what it's
out in one of the most desolate sections
of the western deserts that you can
imagine. There's a L-shaped valley with
mountains on both desert mountains on
both sides. And then there's a valley on
the northern side, but in the southern
side, the valley is an L-shaped valley.
And there's a dry lake bed, a small dry
lake bed on the southern side and a huge
amphitheater type
set of ground
that the grays farmed during the ice
age. And in the mountain on the west,
they'd cut 13 tunnels in the in the
mountain on the west and they used them
as a grainery. And the one on the no,
the first one on the north was larger
than the others. And it was large enough
for their deep spacecraft to come in and
pick up grain. And the 13th one
overlooked the fields. And when that the
at the top of the L-shaped valley and at
the bottom of the L-shaped valley, the
mountains form a constriction. So if you
were a gray teenager with a appropriate
weapon and you were sitting there, you
could monitor both entrances. And so if
any ice age animals came in to eat your
the grain cuz they're planteaters, the
tall whites and the grays do not eat
meat. They're only planteaters. You
could keep them out and protect you and
protect keep them from eating your food.
And when you asked and on and when you
looked at the valley on the west,
you could see the ancient water lines
from how high the lake had been during
different stages of the ice age. Now,
central Nevada was never glaciated.
It was only it was just that in the ice
age because the weather was different,
it rained all lots and lots like it does
in Kentucky.
And so those dry those lake beds were
not glacial lakes. They weren't glacial
carved. They were puvial lakes, the
Latin word for rain. And therefore the
bottom, those lake beds were flat and
the land leading into them were perfect
places to farm. And what you were
looking at was a grainery, a farm that
the grays used during the ice age. So,
it sounds like there are all these
unique reasons as to why as an
extraterrestrial presence you'd set up
shop in that area. This is a really
interesting point. Something I kept
coming back to while preparing for this
conversation was this strange
possibility of what if Area 51's
weirdness didn't start because it's a
military base? What if the base was put
there because of a pre-existing
weirdness in the region? As Charles
points out, the broader pattern is hard
to ignore. Many of the most restricted
military ranges and test sites sit in
the same kind of landscapes, remote
deserts, mountain valleys, and high
plains, and sometimes Native American
burial grounds. Sure, there are
practical reasons for this when it comes
to testing weapons and spy planes, but
often these places were tied up in UFO
sightings, crypted creatures,
electromagnetic anomalies before
military bases were even placed on them.
Many were even seen to be portals to
other dimensions. Maybe it isn't just a
coincidence. Maybe the military wasn't
just picking up empty land, but claiming
ground that was very unusual. To put it
bluntly, maybe military bases often like
to colllocate themselves with very
strange paranormal areas. Skinwalker
Ranch in northeastern Utah is perhaps
the most public example. I've been there
myself, and you've no doubt heard the
stories. It's probably the most
scientifically studied paranormal hot
spot in the world. At least on the civil
side. multiple UFO sightings, glowing
orbs, cattle mutilations, and even
reports of orange portals opening up in
the air. But it also has its former
military connections. There was a US
Army outpost in the region in the 19th
century, and today it sits not far from
Douggeway proving grounds. In the 2000s,
billionaire and government contractor
Robert Bigalow received Pentagon funding
through the OSAP program to research the
ranch. Why, you might ask? Well,
folklore from the Utah tribe had already
marked the land as cursed, prowled by
shape shifters. That was long before the
Pentagon made it a research site. And if
you zoom out, the geography is
interesting, too. You can draw a rough
triangle between Area 51, Skinwalker
Ranch, and Roswell. Other paranormal
hotspots with co-located military
activity exist all over the United
States. For example, Sedona, Arizona.
Local legends speak of tunnels and
gateways hidden in the cliffs where star
people pass through shimmering portals.
The Bradshaw Ranch there became famous
for UFO sightings investigated not long
ago by Ross Koulthart. Eventually, the
site was taken over by the US
government, a move that raised some
eyebrows. Why seize a random rural
property in Arizona unless there was
something they felt needed securing? To
this day, locals still report black
helicopters circling overhead and
interference with drones near the area.
It fits the pattern. Land fenced off not
just for practical reasons, but because
of whatever it is said to be in the land
itself. Land that seems full of
electromagnetic anomalies and perhaps
the same tunnels in land that are
occupied by the tall whites. And that
brings us back to Nevada. It's easy to
forget that Area 51 isn't just one base.
It's part of a vast test range anchored
by Nellis, swallowing up thousands of
square miles of desert. Charles gets
into this in just a moment, but the
history of how this whole area ended up
getting claimed by the government
doesn't quite add up, especially when it
became a herd of desert sheep suddenly
becoming an issue of national security.
And it begs the very important question,
how much of this pattern extends
overseas? Look at where the United
States has planted some of its overseas
bases. Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean.
Pinegap in outback Australia. Sprawling
compounds in Iraq and Afghanistan. Some
of these sites already had their own
unusual reputations amongst locals. Or
maybe some other uses to our alien
visitors from out of town. Do you think
it's a coincidence then that you get
Area 51 and some of the most top secret
advanced R&D when it comes to the
American military colllocated on that
area.
>> I subscribe to the Marine Corps theory.
If it happened once, it would be a
coincidence. If it happened twice, I'm
sorry. If it was happened once, it would
be random. If it happened twice, it
would be a co coincidence. But the third
time you see it's there, somebody
planned it. Okay. Yeah. Now remember
what else is out there? The Desert Game
Range
National Park. Okay.
>> Now, the Desert Game Range was set up in
the time of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Okay.
It was what n I talk about in my book
and it was like 1935 or 1937.
For some reason, FDR just got up all by
himself and after talking with a single
Army colonel, Army Air Force colonel,
decided that the desert big horn sheep
who live in the mountains like Sheep
Peak for which it's named and the
mountains to the east must be an
endangered species. You say, "Wait a
minute. This is 1937. I didn't realize
we had endangered species till 1970 or
something. This was 1937 and by
executive order said we got to make that
a protected area to protect the desert
big horn sheep. They're white. And if
you're out there hiking and you see
something, in the words of the park
rangers that looks like a human looking
at you from over the sage brush, which
may be as tall as 6 feet, don't look
back. Especially if it looks like a
woman with children, cuz the big horn
sheep don't like that. They'll attack
you. Just look away and walk away. And
in 1937, in order to protect the sheep
in that we're talking before World War
II, the AR Franklin Roosevelt and the
Army Air Force decided that they would
station a battalion of anti-aircraft
guns with live ammo.
>> Whoa.
>> To protect it. Okay. In case it So it
wouldn't be subject to Japanese air
attack.
>> And it was all that specific area. in
that specific area, right? And that was
the desert big before there was an Area
51, before there was a Nellis gunnery
range, before there were was a Camp
Mercury or anything, there was the
desert southwest game range. So that's
the first
>> and you say that so the sheep are being
protected that by an anti-air by
anti-aircraft crews that have live ammo
and they're open to fire at any airplane
that goes across there in 1937
and FDR just said well I want the sheep
to be safe and that's why it's called
Sheep Peakow and you say when you look
at it Sheep Peak seems like a pretty
easy place to climb. Why is it that the
first time it is a matter of record that
it was climb that anyone climbed it was
1970?
Okay, you say, well, we didn't we did
Mount Everest before that, right?
>> Well, it sounds like, you know,
protecting sheep with uh, you know,
anti-aircraft uh technology, the most
advanced at the time.
>> Yeah. It seems like if you'd fire a few
live rounds, wouldn't you kind of scare
them a little bit, right? So based on
your rule, if it's like, you know, fool
me once,
>> okay, fool me twice, fine. Fool me three
times, you know, it's a that's sort of
a, you know, it's not a coincidence
anymore. What's the second time? Is
there a second time
>> before Area 51, which gets set up in the
50s
>> um that
suspicious military or covert activity
occurs in the region that might have to
do with the ET presence?
Well, remember how good their technology
is, the technology of the whites and the
technology of the grays.
And I do not exaggerate. I speak from
direct experience.
When you say if they came here in the
ice age
and in order to and they're planteaters
and in order for to get a little help
with harvesting grain and doing manual
labor and things like that,
there's nobody out in Nevada. Where
would they get that from?
Remember how good their technology is?
And I speak from direct experience.
if they wanted to use the scout craft
which is oh the tall white scout craft
or the gray scout craft
which I have both of which I've
personally seen
and in the time I've been talking
if they wanted to say lift off from the
backyard
and go to the moon and circumn the moon
to check up on what's going on in the
far side of the moon and return and land
in the backyard right here, they would
have already done so. That's how good
their technology is. One of the things I
personally watched them do from a
distance cuz if you get too close the
fields will burn you like a microwave,
but like from a distance of say like 2
and 1/2 3 miles was to lift was to go
onto the scout craft and sit down in the
seats. No, no seat belts or anything.
Just chairs like this.
And lift power up and power up the not
the outer coils, but just the bottom and
control coils and lift off until they
were floating perhaps as far off the
desert or above the sage brush as the
height the camera is. And then take a
few seconds, like 30 seconds, to power
up completely the outer coils. It takes
a few seconds to do so. When they do so,
before they do so, the craft looks the
way you're expecting. If you saw a
helicopter out there, you'd see the
actual metal of the helicopter.
But after they've powered up, they just
look real fuzzy white like a tic tac cuz
they're surrounded with force fields.
You no longer see the actual metal. You
just see the force field and the way
it's fuzzing over light and interacting
with it. Once they're powered up,
they're ready for high-speed maneuvers.
>> Let's get in here. If they are choose to
go straight down the line of sight, they
can go 7 m at an average speed of 8,000
to 12,000 m an hour, stop, power down,
and set down. And in the process, they
would have taken more than 15,000
G's starting and 15,000 G's stopping
just sitting there in the room like
this. And and and in case you're
wondering how much that is, 10,000 gs
will liquefy steel.
>> What's the is the speed of light is like
86,000 miles per hour?
>> 186,000.
>> 186,000. Okay.
>> Miles per second.
>> And they can do
>> So if they're going 8 to 10,000 m per
per hour, there's still massive
difference between that and
>> they're not even in low gear. They're
not even in low gear.
>> Yeah. Not even in low gear. Wow.
>> Yeah. If they go if they do that and
they choose to go sideways,
they'll go side. They'll just seem to
blink out. You'll be looking there and
they'll just seem to disappear before
your eyes cuz they will have accelerated
and moved to the side so fast your eyes
can't follow. I speak from direct
experience. And if you're looking up at
uh straight up Indian Springs Valley and
they choose to pop over to Dog Bone
Valley and come down and then come in
one of the northern passes to see what
you're doing, it'll look like they just
blinked out there and magically
reappeared over there less than a second
or two later if they really in the hands
of a skilled pilot. A lot of people who
still believe in Einstein will
mistakenly say they went to another
dimension. Really, they haven't. They've
done it. If you were in the way, it
would run that craft would run into you.
There would there is no there is no such
thing as wormholes or warping space and
time. What you're warping isn't space
and time. You're interacting with other
force fields that are all matter has.
And you know, the same way that you
might have an electric field of
different shapes or a magnetic field of
different shapes, but time never slows
down. Time never runs in reverse. Time
is just time. It always goes forward.
>> Have you ever flown in a craft?
>> Yes. Yeah. A couple of times I did.
>> What was that like?
Well, I was in the cargo hold at the
time because there was, as I described
in my books, the day they after I
thought I'd broken my kneecap and then
it healed up, there was the next morning
when they came down to get me and take
me up to their base at up at Area 54, 53
to see if I needed a surgery on my knee.
>> And it was it the tall whites?
>> Yeah. Only And when I got up there, the
American generals were there and med
medical people were up there, too. And I
didn't. I just bruised it. And but they
had to pro the toll whites had to prove
to the Americans that they were telling
them they're correct or wanted to prove
that. And so I they came down and
grabbed me and put me in the hold of the
car cargo shop. And I still remember the
the trip up there and the trip back.
>> Where did they go? Did you leave?
>> No, they just they just lift they just
lifted off and we just went gently up
the valley perhaps 100 feet off the
ground. And I remember flying around
range four as I made the turn around
range four and then going up the valley
to the to they were going to the scout
craft the back entrance to their scout
craft hanger and the door was open. We
went in there and then there was a whole
bunch up in there. There were also
American an American generals and some
American medical people and the six
sergeants that was m chief master
sergeants that were the guan guards for
the human generals and the teacher and
range for Harry and it was just like
sitting here in a chair only in the
cargo hold
and they didn't do this they didn't
totally power up because they didn't
have to
and it It it was like sitting here in
the chair and having the whole room just
be lifted up and taken and come back.
And um it was remarkably unremarkable.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. The the important part was that
they thought they'd electronically
hypnotized me, but their equipment
doesn't work if you're sick or if you're
angry or if you're really tired. And
since I was even though my knee was not
broken, I was still experiencing some
pain. You know, it was still tender. It
meant that the way my thoughts the blood
flow in the brain was was somewhat
different than the way it would normally
be. And so therefore, when you use the
electronic hypnotism on me that would
normally have worked when I was
ordinary, if I was healthy and well
rested, it didn't quite do the job.
>> It's almost like anesthesia that doesn't
work and during surgery or something,
still awake. So speaking of
>> So I got to remember it. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Arranged for a hearing knew that was a
case, but that was all he could do.
Yeah.
>> Why do you think they chose you for all
of this? Why do you think you were sort
of picked to be endowed with this
knowledge?
>> One time I asked a different person who
was one of the top identified himself as
one of the top three psychiatrist at the
CIA. One of the time I asked him why
they chose me.
Okay. Because I said I thought there
were lots of men that were better at
going out in the desert and surviving
and doing fixing trucks and so on than
myself. a lot of weather observers with
more experience and so on than me. And
he told me the following. He said that
and he had like nine PhDs hanging on the
wall for different facets of psychiatry.
And he was a very nice guy. He was
surprisingly young like in his 30s. He
said that when he studied psychiatry, he
was told that there was 105 different
psychological defenses that humans might
use. The most famous is whistling in the
dark. Okay. He said that most humans
only use one or two at the most.
that one of the projects that he and the
others usually did was trying to train
colonels and generals on how to have
more psychological defenses.
They were hoping to get generals to use
three or they always wanted him to use
three. They were hoping they could get
them to use four or five. This is of the
105.
And he said that he had told his the
other guys that were with him,
psychiatrists, that some of the there
were a couple of there were some
generals he was trying to train. He
thought he was going to get him to learn
seven and he couldn't. They were going
to hang in there at three.
He said that the first time he met me,
he was shocked because in the first 15
minutes, he saw me use the first 70 out
of the 105. And he was assertain I could
use the other hund the other the
remainder of the 105. And you can see it
in my books. He said the 41 men that
went out before me who all came back
compromised and some of them burned. He
said the problem they had in his opinion
was that they recognized what they were
up against or something of what they
were up against before they understood
how they were going to re had decided
how they were going to react. Okay. And
he said that in and therefore what
happened was in just the first encounter
their psychological defenses got
destroyed.
And he said that the reason they sent me
he said if there ever was a person to
send it would be you. He said it's
because they'll never lay a glove on
you. They'll never that you know that no
matter what happens, you know, you have
a defense for it.
>> Okay.
>> And they had evaluated that prior to
sending you out Yeah.
>> to commune with the ET.
>> Yeah. They'll let they they have a you
know and you can see it in there in my
there was a time when I thought that the
extraterrestrials
the extraterrestrial lady I was looking
at that I was hallucinating
and I was kind of surprised because I
was kind of thinking that if I was going
to hallucinate I was alone out in the
desert. when I was young and single that
if I was going to hallucinate that it
would be more like a Las Vegas showgirl
and she wasn't you know I thought my god
how sick am I not even you know see
and she was laughing she cuz she could
tell that I was thinking because of her
electronic equipment you see see and
there was a time when I was there was a
time when I thought that it that I must
be short on vitamins when they would
come into my barracks at India in
Springs and I would get up and I would
see the children playing and I thought,
"Golly, I knew I should have drank more
milk at for supper. I must be short on
vitamins and milk." And so I would take
more vitamins and they would still keep
coming. There was a time,
>> but you're also debriefing with generals
who are admitting that this is a
phenomena that they're aware of and that
they're kind of working alongside these
ETs. Is that right?
>> No, I'm never debriefed. You're never
>> I'm never briefed. I'm never debriefed.
Are you
>> not only that's not an accident. My
orders are
>> I can never be briefed. I can never be
debriefed. And the reason is very
simple.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Because the tall whites like the teacher
can tell what a person is thinking
even if they're not talking.
Well, if you're debriefed and they're
very touchy about their children, if a
briefing person were to say, "What kind
of mother is the teacher?" You know, how
does she treat her little girl? I mean,
she was lost in the sage brush and you
read you saved her life. How did they
let that happen? See, then they wouldn't
have to ask me to tell them about it.
See, they could tell it by just reading
my line, my thoughts. The next thing
they would demand is that somebody like
that officer be delivered to them out in
the desert and he wouldn't live another
moment. Okay. Yeah. And she I wouldn't
have to say anything or do anything or
say oh because she could just tell oh
yeah I read Charlie and I see that
happened.
>> So when I say that no one could ever ask
me questions. I could never be
debriefed. Nothing I would do would ever
be classified. like no one could I mean
they couldn't even inspect me if they
wanted to talk to me. They physically
had to come out to the parking lot of
the Chow Hall at Indian Springs between
noon and 12:30 and I would meet them
there if I felt like meeting them or if
I didn't then they would just and before
they went out they would have to check
in with the base commander at Nellis and
when they came back they had to go
directly from checking on base to the
base commander and say yeah he looked
healthy and so on and I could and they
couldn't come out and inspect my
barracks or see anything.
>> Have you you mentioned the um CIA
psychiatrist who said that you had all
these psychological defenses
>> and that sort of allowed you to
enter into uh relations with the ET?
>> It allowed me
>> and come back in time.
>> No, it allowed me to protect my
thoughts, the person I am,
before admitting to myself,
they are real and I know what I'm going
to do. Have you ever heard the name Kit
Green? Is that familiar to you at all?
>> It doesn't ring a bell, but I probably
heard him. But see, like see see like
like the first thing I agreed the first
agreement I made with them was after
realizing they were real
that I asked him that whenever they came
around me that they talk between
themselves. if they were talking between
themselves or with me in a way that I
could hear to speak English because it
frightened me if they were talking
between themselves and it sometimes
sounded like horse winnings or bird
calls and they agreed. And then the
second one was that if I saw them out in
the desert, like if I came over a rise
and there was one sitting on a rock, I
understood that it was easy for me to
sneak up on them behind him and surprise
them. And I didn't want to do that. I
would just stop where I was and stand
where I was and sing a song and let them
know I was there.
And then if they wanted to come closer,
I would just stand there and they could
walk up towards me and stop whenever
they wanted to. I wouldn't pursue. I
wouldn't close a gap. And if they got
too close to me so that it I started
feeling intimidated,
I would start backing away and they
would stop. And then when we had decided
how far apart we were going to be
physically,
then we could communicate.
>> Your wife Marie Theres mentioned that um
you actually were sent out initially.
>> Initially I was supposed to go to from
after doing my basic training at
>> Lackland.
I then I was put in PAT standing you
know that was airmen airmen waiting
their security clearance. Okay. And
those airmen that were going to get a
security clearance and be sent to San
Angels, Texas for security school 101,
were supposed to wait there for like 3
weeks or so. Okay. Now, the security
clearance you're waiting for is whatever
the government decides to give you, but
it's supposed to be the top secret
clearance. Okay. Now the sec weather the
security training the people in
who are sent to San Angel's Texas
are waiting to get their orders to San
Angels Texas. However, in my case they
issued two sets of orders. The real ones
to San Angel's Texas
and the cover orders to the weather
training school at Shun Air Force Base,
Illinois.
The idea is that the captain who's in
charge of those guys, who has a safe for
classified material that's locked, this
is 1965. Times have all changed since
then.
He's the one that will give out my
orders. The day sergeant can give out
all the rest of the orders.
Okay. Yeah. Because the day because my
clearance is going to be a higher
clearance than theirs.
Well, the Friday that they came in,
the captain is off playing golf. Now, as
a military officer, he's supposed to be
in on duty. He's off playing golf and
left the sergeant in command. The
sergeant does not have the clearance to
know about my orders. So, when the
clearance comes, the orders come in for
everybody else. and I'm we've all we
were all in the same class together at
boot camp.
I think a mistake has been made.
>> Okay. They get their orders. I go in
with them. There's no orders.
I say, "Well, because my cover orders
are in a different location than their
orders, but they're not locked up. See,
they're just in the temporary outbox."
Well, I asked the sergeant. I got no
orders. Aren't I going to weather
school, too? So, the sergeant goes and
gets those orders and says, "Oh, yeah.
Here's your orders and hands them to me
to go to weather's training school." So,
I go out and I get on the bus. You know,
I got my stuff back. Now, my drill
sergeant had made a very special point.
He said, "Anytime you do anything in the
military, keep two copies of your orders
cuz you can't trust your officers."
Right? Genius. Right. I keep two copies.
Right. Okay. So, I get in the bus.
There's I'm not on the travel man, but I
got orders. So what? So they throw me on
the airplane and I send me to Shun Air
Force Base, Illinois. If you can't shoot
them, shin them, that place. Okay. Well,
I'm in the base and everybody else is
getting paid. And I'm at weather school
and I'm the best student in the class.
And after like six weeks, I still
haven't been paid.
And so I go and I ask the command, my
media commander, can I go see I'm not
getting paid. He sends me over to the
base payroll offices and they look at
the their records and they're panicky.
You're on this base and they send me
back to weather school. I go back to
weather school and two MP air policemen
and a dog come in and grab me and march
me over to the base commander's office.
I'm a little terrified. And the base
commander says, "Airman Hall, if you
have a copy of your orders showing you
that you're supposed to be on this
space, then you're going to be a happy
man. And the whoever gave you the orders
is not going to be very happy. But if
you don't have a copy of the orders, the
man who gave them to you is going to be
a happy man. And you're not going to be
a soldier. You're not going to be a very
happy soldier because the generals tell
me, "You're too valuable a man to be
wasted at this school." I had two copies
in my wallet. I said, "Thank you,
Sergeant Master Sergeant Peoples." I
graced his hand. I said, "You need
another one. I can copy this." Right? I
was a happy man. They said, "Well, we'll
they we'll decide what to do." Right?
So, so they'd been looking for me at San
Angel's, Texas for six weeks. The FBI
had been looking for me at my house in
London. Nobody had found me. I go back
and the sergeant comes out and says,
"You're going to Dallas." Okay.
>> Wow. Yeah, they said they gave me a the
usual wish wish list. When you have your
when you finish weather school, name
three places you'd like to go. I said,
uh, Germany, England, and March Air
Force Base, Los Angeles. And they said,
"No, you're going to Nellis."
>> How how soon after you're stationed at
Nellis do you encounter this abandoned
weather station and meet your first tall
white?
Well, the first time that I heard tell
of the tall whites at Nellis
was at my very first duty session at
Nellis with another airman, which I
describe in my book. Okay. He was the
airman that had been on leave for
several weeks because he claimed the
Nellis weather station was haunted and
it was the it's not the one you see
there today. It was the old one that was
the northeast end of the base operations
building. The base operations building
was a very nice building for its day as
was the weather station I described in
my book and it had something very
important. It was this military version
of an airport terminal and it had
something very important. It had clean
restrooms.
The next clean restroom was a mile away
in a group of barracks they were still
building. To get to another clean
restroom, he had to go a mile and a half
away. Okay. He claimed that when he was
working night graveyard and he was in
his he had been in its military. He was
on his fourth year that he the the
previous winner that to that he thought
ghosts, you and I would say a group of
five tall white aliens had come in off
the runway off the the tarmac unlocking
the p the glass doors between the base
operations, the interior of the base
operations building and the tarmac
because one of the force fields will
make every piece of material repel every
other piece of material and just pop
every lock open. And that when he came
in, there was one waiting outside
standing guard, one holding the door
open or and one and then that's two men
and then three women. One holding open
the door to the bath or to the bathroom.
another one inside holding helping them
hold open the door to the bathroom while
the third one was using the lady's
restroom and that they were rotating so
that they'd come in to use the restroom.
He didn't he although he described them
doing that he didn't appreciate what he
was describing. He thought they were
ghosts. He panicked immediately and
started screaming, locked himself in the
doorway and in the and called the base
air police only to discover that the
Nellis base commander said, "No, the air
police cannot come beyond the road
junction a mile away. He's on his own."
Okay. Now I know from firsthand
experience that he was telling the truth
because there came a day when I had work
I was working graveyard actually a whole
bunch of days on Sunday night when
everything was empty when that would
happen and the reason that they came was
cuz they're just like us the bathroom
that was a mile down which the mechanics
down in that hanger airport hanger
thought was was haunted. ood was
occasionally visited by tall white men
who had to go to the bathroom and it was
a mess, never cleaned. Okay? And if you
were out with two men and three women
who wanted a clean bathroom and the one
a mile and a half down was too far and
wasn't suitable and you said, "Where do
we want to go to the bathroom?" You'd
say, "I know just the place. It's the
one in the base stops and on Sunday
night there's nobody around. There's the
weather observer and he's usually
sleeping at night like he should. Okay,
he's not supposed to, but usually they
did. Actually, that was a great place to
sleep on. I did myself didn't, but I had
too much fun reading books and stuff.
And so, and even and the guy that I was,
he was my OJT instructor, he also
claimed that on a different night when
he was in there that one of them came
and peaked at him around the corner and
said, "Don't worry, the women just want
to use the restroom." He screamed and
called the base the police again and
they wouldn't come and he had a nervous
breakdown. So, you know, and that
happened to me. I said, um, yeah, don't
forget the candy bar machine. You know,
you guys may be hungry, right? And
that's what psychological defenses do
for you. You see, that's the difference.
And and but that's the first one. I he
told me the story, but I didn't actually
see the tall whites on that night. Then
a few nights later when he had been
given an honorable discharge cuz the men
Pentagon insisted that he and I alone in
the warehouse on Sunday night alone in
the weather station together work at
least one duty shift and then he would
be given an honorable discharge of
section 8 which he was. Then when I was
with my next duty shift, my next OJT
instructor and he was working a double
shift. I was working swing shift when I
came left at midnight and I was trying
to hurry to get to the base up to the
base chowo. As I was walking back the
mile or so to my barracks, one of the
new ones being built, I would in a when
I turned around,
following me was the tall white girl
that the 12-year-old
and I was about a/4 mile down from the b
from the weather station and backed by
the white elephant was the teacher and
two bridge for Harry and another tall
white guard happily watching me from a
distance and all she was doing was just
following me intentionally showing
herself. At the time I when you talk
about what good her psychological
defense is at the time I couldn't
believe my eyes even though they matched
what the guy had told me just a few days
before. I decided that because I was
tired, I must be sleepwalking. And I
said, "Well, gee, I I thought if you
slept, I didn't realize that you could
actually walk and see things when you
were sleepwalking." And so I turned and
I tried continued walking. I expected to
hurry and get to my barracks before I
had a brain stroke or something and
collapsed. And I thought, and I turned
around and
after going a few steps and there she
was. She still followed me. And I had
been reading a book on the Titanic,
which I can talk about later. And in the
Titanic, it described a group of angels
who came in a craft land one of the
lifeboats and landed on the ledge of one
of the icebergs and dropped wreaths to
for people in the water to use as life
preservers, which didn't work. And I and
and when I and one of how one of the
angels was good at floating out over the
water and dropping her hand. And when I
turned around and I was just watching
her, she smiled. That girl, she lifted
up turned on. She her turned up the
power on her suit. Lifted up a little
bit further till the top of her feet
were about as far off the ground as the
top not as t almost the top of that
chair chair. flew over beside the
sidewalk, which was over the grass,
and saw and went over the grass a little
bit, and saw on the grass something that
in the a piece of wrapper or perhaps a
quarter or something that interested
her. and with her feet still in the air,
bent lowered her shoulders, reached down
on the graph and picked it up, assuming
the very same position
that was described in the book on the
Titanic that I had previously read, like
that night or two nights before,
described by the lady in the survivor of
the lifeboat that was picked up by the
Carpathia as described in the book that
I was reading and it like she was the
very same girl and considering that the
tall whites live 600 800 years 10 times
longer than we do she could have been
okay and when I looked at it
>> I was stunned and I still didn't make
the pos the association
between those people and
extraterrestrials
that's what psychological defenses do
for you and I decided that I must just
be sleepwalking or there must be
something with me mentally and I went
home and I went back to my barracks and
and uh and and and life continued. So
how let's get into the whole photon
theory because and just to set this up
for the audience also in the 30s in 1935
Einstein Rosen Podalsski come up with
their sort of spooky action at a
distance
>> entanglement and it's known as
Einstein's dilemma because Einstein
>> had always kind of almost put a governor
on reality. The speed limit of reality
is the you know speed of light.
>> And yet with photons observably you see
this sort of entanglement effect where
optical properties various optical
properties seem to mirror one another at
vast distances just instantaneously.
And so how is the hall photon theory an
update on that? And how does that unlock
faster than light travel in the form of
a spacecraft? Well, to begin with, I'd
like to thank you for this nice
interview and if I don't be having us on
your podcast. Oh,
>> yeah.
>> I'd like to congratulate you on just out
thinking Einstein. Okay. When you say,
"What's it feel like to be smarter than
Albert Einstein?" I say, "Well, I know a
guy. It's not just me because what you
say is correct." and and and the easiest
way to see it is starting with the way
Einstein did with the Mickelson Marley
experiment of 1897.
>> Okay.
>> In 189 which was a failure.
>> Yes.
>> In 1897 everyone thought that a photon
of light had only two force fields an
electric field and a magnetic field that
oscillated together. Okay.
>> They ran perpendicular to one another.
>> Mhm. And then they did the Mo Mickelson
Marley experiment. And then they wanted
to interpret it as though it were a
experiment that you would do with little
boats crossing a river and going up and
down in the river when they didn't know
anything about the f they thought they
knew everything there was to know about
the photon that there was only two force
fields. So they could pretend that they
knew everything about how a photon looks
like a little boat going across a river.
Okay. When the experiment failed, then
nobody wanted to say there has to be
more structure to the photon than what
we know about. Nobody wanted to do that.
Okay? They James Clerk Maxwell had done
his equations and they didn't want to
say there's more force fields that
Maxwell's equations don't include but
should.
>> Okay. The more and they oscillate too.
They wanted to say, "We know everything
there is to know about the photon."
>> And then they wanted to say, "And we
know everything about the river and the
banks and stuff and the little boats
that cross it." So now they had reasoned
themselves into a corner. So why did the
experiment fail and they monkeyed around
like that until Einstein and they
finally asked Einstein?
>> But I think of it as a failure to detect
the ether. The Michaelelsson Mory
experiment. Is that right? to think a
medium through which
>> photons would be carried
>> that would make sense yeah that there
was no ether but then that left the
question so why why isn't there at least
some change why did the experiment
totally fail okay along the way they
ignored things about the experiment
>> the first one is that if you do the
experiment with one photon at a time
>> in the interpherometer
you get the same results
and that means that the photon has to be
split in two for that to work. Today we
call that photon entanglement,
but back then they said, "I don't know,
spook you at a distance," right?
>> And then if you do it with photons of
just red light,
then you get the same results, but the
bright bands of light are still red
light. And so therefore, the ex
explanation that the photons would
constructively interfere and
destructively interfere can't be correct
because if they constructively
interfered, they would have to change
color. Blue photons have twice the
energy of red photons. So that would
mean you would be sending in blue light
or sending in red light and looking at
interference patterns of red light. But
that's not the case. All that's
happening in the intererometer
is that the photons are being steered
into bands of red photons
>> that needs another force field to do the
steering.
>> So what is if you have uh in traditional
electromagnetism, classical
electronamics, you have uh an electric
field, a magnetic field, and a wave and
they're all sort of running
perpendicular to one another. What other
field types do you think exist in the
whole photon theory?
>> Um, a whole bunch. Okay.
>> Like what?
>> Okay. To and remember the force fields
can be different force strengths.
>> The electric the electric force magnetic
force field is considered pound for
pound to be like what a trillion times I
might not have that number right. 100
million times more powerful
pound-for-pound than the force of
gravity.
>> Yeah, it's 10 to the 40th.
>> But because the force of gravity is
weaker poundforpound on the
electromagnetic field, the force of
gravity can move further than light.
Okay? So the force of gravity from our
galaxy can affect the nearby galaxy, the
Andromeda galaxy at 2.7 million
lightyear, whereas the force of
electricity from our galaxy cannot.
Right.
But Einstein wanted to ruin that analogy
by saying to protect his own reputation.
I guess I have no idea why.
Trying to say that nothing could travel
faster than light. Not even gravity.
>> But obviously if gravity can travel
further than light, it must be traveling
faster than light. If you look at the
the symmetry of the Andromeda galaxy
>> and you say, well, it's it's a what
10,000 100,000 lighty years, 200,000
lighty years across.
>> Mhm.
>> And that means that and it's so well
organized.
>> It must gravity must be traveling
trillions of times faster than light.
Otherwise, if if the stars were trying
to do that and gravity was only
traveling at the speed of light, they'd
all bump into each other.
>> Why do so is gravity in your model also
orders of magnitude weaker than
electromagnetism? Because if it's
traveling that far and having an effect,
a pulling effect between mass bodies.
>> If it's weaker, then it can go further.
>> And see in the photon,
>> how does that hold? If it's weaker, it
goes further. Because it's like a it's
like the a milk truck delivering milk,
right? If it's going to go down a street
and hit every house and it's got to stop
and interact along the way or at least
stand ready to. But if it's going to
just do one house here and a house 10
miles down, the guy can go into high
gear.
>> But I would think of like attenuation as
being, you know, like a a wave being,
you know, certain. The only way it can
attenuate
>> The only way a force field can attenuate
is there say like grav I'll I'll say
like gravity
>> Mhm.
>> is for there to be an interaction
crosssection
put up by another piece of matter
>> or energy
somewhere down the road.
And then when it's traveling, it's not
trying to interact with the electric
field.
>> It's trying to interact with another
gravity field. And those are attractive
interactions.
And if it has and and because it doesn't
have to, there is no interaction
cross-section between
gravity and say an electric field that
would be traveling through. then it
could travel much much faster, much much
further. That's what the nutrino is.
>> Mhm.
>> The nutrino, we're told, can travel
through, if everything between the
center of the sun and here were solid
gravity, a nutrino could travel through
at all and not interact with anything.
>> Yep.
>> So therefore, a nutrino can travel many,
many times faster than light. Okay.
However, you say, well, what about the
nutrinos that say are measured at the
CERN reactor? Well, if they're going to
interact using electricity and
magnetism, then they have to slow to
that speed. Electricity and magnetism to
perform the interaction
because time doesn't change. Time is
always flying at the same rate.
>> They're all in the same time frame.
>> Do you think we have nutrino detectors?
>> That's why nutrinos are so hard to
detect. Yeah,
>> but there are rumors that we have
nutrino detectors like at the south pole
and you know exotic
>> the whole photon theory says that within
li that light is a bundle of force
fields and there have to there have so
there have to be a whole bunch of force
fields in the photon. Okay. And you must
have to have variations of photons that
have different collections of those
different force fields because you have
photons and nutrinos which you see which
are very similar and those photon that
means that even though photons that
we're used to are limited by the speed
of light because it because the electric
field and the magnetic field have
interaction crosssections
that go that you know the per
permitivity of free space and so on,
right?
>> Okay, that it's has to touch base, it
has to vibrate all those piano wires, if
you will.
>> When you if you have those other force
fields be weak force fields like the
nutrino is surrounded by weak
interaction force fields. They don't got
to vibrate the electromagnetic wires.
You see, they only got to vibrate their
own wires. They may not have to do it at
all. If you say, "Well, what are the
permitivity of free space for those
other force fields?"
They're much less than the ones for
electricity and magnetism.
Therefore, when you say, "Let me compute
the speed of light for those force
fields as I do in beyond relativity,"
you come up with a speed a trillion
times faster.
>> Charles, using the Hall photon theory,
how would you build the UFO? And how
would you basically propel yourself
faster than light?
>> Well, I'll give you some general
principles, okay, based on what I
personally saw in the deserts. The the
first thing is
the UFO must be a smooth ellipsoid like
an
like like an egg or a tic tac because
the first the first principle of
designing the different force fields and
so on is there cannot be any turbulence.
>> What about a saucer? Does that rule that
out? It depends on how the edges of the
saucer are. It can't and it can't have
anything concave.
>> An example of something concave
is if like on the camera you have the
lens and it's shaped nice and then
around it is a ring that sticks out and
in between where the lens meets the ring
is concave.
>> Mhm. If that were the shape of a
of a spacecraft that you were trying to
use to propel yourself through space,
you would be strictly limited to less
than about 80% the speed of light
because the force fields in that region
would obey Einstein's theory of
relativity because they're not
streamlined in that area. they would go
turbulent and once they go turbulent the
force fields will bump into each other.
The heating can go to infinity. The
amount of energy that's lost in that
little zone could go to infinity.
>> But convex is fine.
>> So that
>> convex is fine. concave creates this
turbulent kind of
>> but but if you but if you took that if
you took that lens and made it
>> a complete ellypoidal sphere of glass
and you use that shape where there's no
sharp edges, there's no concave edges
where there's just always eggshaped.
Then when you surround it with a bubble
of force fields,
they won't go
they won't go turbulent cuz they're
streamlined for high-speed travel. When
you do that and you start accelerating
towards the speed of light, it'll it'll
just continue accelerating as though the
speed of light weren't there. It'll just
go right on through. When you hear
stories like Ryan Graves, Navy pilot,
talk about a sphere inside a cube or
other kind of exotic, you know, looking
objects that do have pointy edges and,
you know, don't always look like your
traditional saucer or egg or tic tac. In
the 2003 time frame, uh, a large group
of Boeing contractors were operating
near one of the launch facilities at
Vandenberg Air Force Base when they
observed a very large 100yard
sided, uh, red square uh, approach the
base from the ocean and hover at low
altitude over one of the launch
facilities. Um, this object remained for
about 45 seconds or so before darting
off over the mountains. Um there was a
similar event within 24 hours later in
the evening. Uh this was a morning
event. Uh I believe 8:45 in the morning.
Later in the evening post sunset, uh
there were uh reports of other sightings
on base including some aggressive
behaviors. Uh these objects were
approaching some of the security guards
at rapid speeds uh before darting off.
>> The force fields interact with light
when when when you see and you can see
it on the tic tac video. the Navy
pilots.
When you look at when you look at the
video,
the first question you have to ask
yourself
is when you're looking at the edges of
the craft,
you have to ask yourself, are you
looking at just the force fields that
are interacting with light
that go away when the craft shuts down?
Or are you looking at the actual
physical metal ceramic parts of the
craft?
See,
and are you looking at a craft that was
designed to exceed the speed of light
or are you looking at a craft that was
just designed for a specialized general
kind of purpose here on Earth?
Because remember
the
the the scout craft that you see like
the for the grays and the whites
did not make the deep space crossing.
Only the deep spacecraft
make the deep space crossing.
>> What are the differences? What's the
main distinction?
>> The difference is
>> the scout craft what we use RVs to get
around.
>> Yeah. You see the deep spacecraft
and I speak from direct observation.
They can all be individual like ships at
sea or they can be general purpose like
but one for example looks like well you
see how this house is one that I
personally saw was a little bit longer
than this house a little bit wider than
this house about half again as high as
this house and it was all totally smooth
all around you know in no pro protrusion
or whatever. It had the standard double
hall and then it had another and the way
this house has this room and then on the
side it had another set of rooms. So, it
had the double hall on the outside. Then
it had a boundary area where you'd store
stuff on both sides and then it had the
living area where you had actual cabins
the way you do on ships. And then up at
the front you had the cockpit and the
control area up on the to up on top and
control lights up on top. And then in
the back you had the propulsion system
and that was meant to put sand out to
deep space and head out for stars 100
light years away. Okay, I'm quite
certain of that. On the other hand, see
a saucer that you might have for your
children to take out to the play area,
which I also saw. It's not meant to go
faster than light. It's just meant to go
like from um Bishop, California to
Roswell, New Mexico in a half hour, you
know, and it could do it in 10 minutes,
but it's just meant to have a couple of
teenagers take charge,
put in three younger children, say eight
or 10, and go out and play and just go
around places here on Earth. So getting
back to how you'd build when you build
it.
>> Yeah.
>> If you build it for deep space when and
and and one that's has like that where
you have like a ball inside and then
stuff outside like a cube or something.
You might ask, is that really one craft
or is it the center ball is the real
craft and the outside is some something
like a car pulling a trailer? You know,
you see, you have to first ask who are
they and what did they mean to use that
craft for? You see, because they because
they don't just come here in a craft,
>> they build them while they're here. Now,
the Norwegians with 24 teeth can only
repair their craft when they get here,
at least in 1965.
One of the things they wanted to be able
to do was to work with the American
government and built craft here. And
that's see, so whenever you see a craft,
you whether it's a deep spacecraft or a
scout craft or whatever, you have to ask
what's it meant for? If you really
expect to do highspeed
like 50 like well like the scout craft
that the tall white had that were
ellipsoidal. One time I asked personally
asked range for Harry if that craft
could exceed the speed of light. He was
a very nice guy. We were like brothers.
He was very adamant. He said it could,
but nobody, I'm going to use my words in
their right mind would ever take it that
fast. Once you got up to about 1% the
speed of light, you were covering
distance so fast, in his words, that if
anything went wrong, your friends
couldn't find you. He and he didn't
think it was made very well. He wanted
he pointed out that to repair it, you
had to sit down the craft down somewhere
like in the desert and go outside and
open it up to repair it. but that the
real deep spacecraft you could repair
everything from the inside.
>> So the first thing that he thought that
a deep spacecraft had to have was in
addition to a double hull and fiber
optic windings in between those two
hulls to carry subatomic particles that
would generate the force fields that you
were working with. that you had to have
access from the inside of the craft to
repair them. You had to be careful they
didn't overheat. If they overheated, you
had to have the design had to apply. You
had to be able to repair that from the
inside. If you got in trouble, you had
to have emergency beacons that used the
force fields that travel faster than
light to send for help because the
because
those types of force fields that you're
using in the
design, like you could see it in you
could see it in the in the Tik Tok
video. If you're going to control
radio uh infrared rays that are
traveling at the speed of light,
you want a to use a force field that
itself is traveling faster than the
speed of light. Otherwise, you can't
catch them and control them. the
>> how does the how does you mention um
that the engine or the propulsion is the
only thing that the tall whites didn't
kind of fully give the humans as far as
the ability to sort of fly these UFOs.
Uh
>> direct observation.
>> So yeah. So what do you think as far as
how the how does how do these engines
work? How are the what's the power
source? And then obviously it's not
chemical combustion. So what's going on
in the engine?
I'm quite certain
that there's more subatomic particles,
more quirks
than the six they know of. There's at
least two more sets.
>> But h how do you get how do you figure
that out?
>> And when you
>> So you have these like large hydrron
colliders. It's like super expensive to
build cost billions of dollars.
When when you when you design when you
sit down to design a craft,
there's five
subatomic particles
that are virtually always used cuz
they're
close to being stable and easy to work
with.
And what you need is to have ceramic
fiber. You need your in your engine, you
have to produce those. So you have you
you don't have just one engine. You have
to have a a way of producing all five of
those. And then what you have are
ceramic fiber optic cables. Ceramic
fiber optics are 49.6%
aluminum,
50.2%
silicon dioxide. That's the same as
rocks. And the remainder is the
semiconductor, germanmanium, selenium
and so on that you use to coat those
fibers with to create fiber optics. And
then you wind those into coils. And
those are and whether you power up those
coils or don't power up those coils,
that's how you control and propel your
craft. Okay? and those five
and and how you design those five
depends on what you want to do with your
craft.
There's two more
types of subatomic particles in that
family
that are more unstable
and are only occasionally used, but not
for craft that you would ever have
children or a family on cuz all of the
extraterrestrials travel as families.
They would only be a you'd only find
them on military craft. And then there's
two more. And so far we've talked about
a total of nine, okay, that are so
unstable
that you would never use them when you
were designing your craft. You'd only
use them if you were designing a
military weapon.
And when you say that number five,
right, and the number seven,
that seems to ring a bell, doesn't it?
Because we're told that when Ike
Eisenhower was president
that there was a day that we're told
publicly by ancient aliens and the US
press and so on that there was a day at
somewhere
the British guys said it was at Edwards
other people said it was Alamuardo but
they say it was there was a day
somewhere where he was taken where they
took him out the day he was supposedly
golfing at Palm Springs and went was
taken to Edwards.
No cameras, no
press and uh sitting on the runway at
Edwards were five spacecraft
with extraterrestrial spyome and that he
they were shown to Ike Eisenhower.
Not one
ex except for the guy whose name is
Charlie
looked at that and said that makes
perfect sense that they would do five
cuz what they were showing him was the
general features of how their airplane
how their spacecraft were designed.
And you'd say why five? It's because
they were showing that there were five
different subatomic particles and that
when they designed them, they first
said, "I'm going to use this one for
this purpose, this one, the second one
for another purpose, and so on." And so
they were showing them that they had
five different purposes for that in the
design. You see? And okay, but those who
you know who who mean well
think that they just arbitrarily showed
five. Another one is the number three.
See the fiber optics coils
melt suddenly at about somewhere between
1,800 and 2200 F.
Not because they're made by aliens, but
because rocks melt between 1,800 and
2200° F. And if they're 52 50.2% silicon
dioxide and 49.6% aluminum, that's what
they are as rocks. And if they melt
as they and if the fiber optics melt as
they did during the Roswell the two
craft that crashed at Roswell as
described in my book the valley of the
grace what you'll see you would think
would be melted rocks. I know. I know.
UFO people try to pretend that there was
one saucer and it was going fast and it
bounced and it hit the ground and melted
the rocks and then bounced up and went
on.
And my answer is if you haven't, you
know, when was the last time you saw
anything bounce against the rocks in a
Nevada in a New Mexico desert? I never
have. Once they hit the rocks, they
break.
When the reason there were melted rocks
there is because there were two saucers
and the fiber optics were overheating
and melting. And when they melt, they
melt like melted glass or lava. And they
have a big chunk that looks like lava
and a big chunk falls and then it
hardens and hits the ground and looks
like a melted rock. So when you see
those reports that the geologist came
and his son said these are melted rocks
and they left them behind then and they
say we went out and picked up all the
debris and we picked up this metal that
resumes its shape. I said those were
cigarette wrapper. Those were gum
wrappers that did that. What you passed
over was the stuff you care about. Okay.
We found a piece of metal
uh about about a foot and a half to 2 ft
wide and about about 2 or 3 ft long.
Felt like you had nothing in your hands.
It wasn't any thicker than the foil out
of a pack of cigarettes.
But the the thing about that got me is
that you couldn't even bend it. You
couldn't bet it. Even with a
sledgehammer would bounce off of it. So
I knew that I had never seen anything
like that before. And as of as of now, I
don't know what it was.
>> So, you're saying Jesse Marcel that was
just like the the sort of memory metal
that was just the the kind of exhaust
>> that could have come off from a kid's
toy. Okay. Yeah. Because see what you
have is what you after you've put in
your melted after you've put in your
coils, then you have to protect them
from the weather.
Now, when you protect them from the
weather, you're going to have to cover
them with a thin metal sheet.
Okay? But you're not going to be able to
support the metal sheet with an outside
metal strap.
Okay? You're not going to be able to
protect the metal sheet with an inside
metal strap because you can't have
turbulence in the force fields
and you c and the metal is
electromagnetic. Well, screw it up
without stray electromagnetism and so
on. And when you're designing it, you're
going to start from square one. And then
three times a day, you're going to get
up and say, I don't want any turbulence
in this force field. I don't want these
coils to overheat. You're going to
leave. If you're a gray designer and
you're designing a craft for gray
children, then you're going to ha, as
per the Roswville Museum, you're going
to have something that is missing from
their display model. On the underside,
you're going to have a little doorway
that the operator of the craft can open
anytime he wants and let molten fiber
optics fall out.
Okay, because he's in desperate
desperate mode to save his fiber optics.
They have overheated and then he can
close the door and take off again. And
if he does, he may not be able to use
all of his coils. So if he's by himself,
he's in deep trouble. as in the craft
over the sand plains of San Augustine in
1947. and he's by himself and he's got
big trouble cuz but if he's got two
craft beside him, the fields from their
craft and the fields from his craft will
join together
as I've personally seen range for Harry
do with the high-speed horse formation
to form a single larger craft when the
fields are present and stabilize his
craft and now the three together can fly
off to someplace safe. Okay,
>> you need to use specific meta materials
for these you know very intense uh kind
of uh you know environments and uh uh
you know a lot of electricity and yeah
do you need to use specific materials
for the craft? Before you can know about
the materials,
you have to know about the subatomic
particles
because the ceramic fiber optics are
supposed to contain
the do what fiber optics do today. What
only they do it differently. I I've
personally seen the fiber optics when as
I describe in my book when I was in the
sixth the summer after my sixth between
my fifth and sixth grade when Ray Palmer
the edi I believe that was his name the
editor of flank saucers magazine in a
store in London Wisconsin and his
childhood friend who ran the store came
back from Roswell with a stretch about a
yard long and it was it was woven. It
wasn't a thin strip of metal. It was
like they took nylon fibers, but it
wasn't nylon. It was ceramic and wound
it. And then when you float shined the
flashlight through it, the light would
bend without being absorbed.
Now you but before you do it for the
craft, you first have to know about the
particles because you have to know how
to build the fiber optics before you can
do anything else. So Roswell, you
mentioned the Roswell Graze and you're
talking about the Roswell craft. The
lore is that it made its way to right
Patterson, right airfield at the time.
And did you think you're saying it
eventually made its way to Area 51 or to
the Nevada Test Range?
>> I don't know where it made its way to,
but I don't care cuz I've seen the real
one and I know what it looked like.
According to Jess,
>> where did you see it? Did you see it in
Nevada? in Nevada. I've seen a m craft
of that type many times. On one, as I
describe in my book on the valleys of
the grace, on one cold and
snowy night in the fall back in the 60s
when I damn near died in the fog and the
scout craft with the l young lady in it
and some of her friends accompanied by
the deep spacecraft and the teenage
craft. They had gone down to the bend in
the road and she alone she was just
learning to run the craft so they didn't
let her take it up in the air and when I
and before the fog moved in when I was
walking down there I was on the side of
a hill I was alone and she had brought
the craft in on the paved on the gravel
road. She just had the control coils
running and she had opened up the door
on the side. I was very reluctant to
approach a craft because I knew from
experience that they all have those
surround feels surrounding them and then
if you get too close it's like walking
into the back of a jet engine when the
gender engine is running. You got to you
got to you got to just stay and let them
see you and let them come as close as
they want or you get your ass burned. So
I wasn't but she had powered down the
outer coils. So from her point of view,
there was nothing keeping me from just
walking the final distance and stepping
up into the craft and saying hi and
meeting her and the others who were on
the craft.
I didn't realize at the time they that
the teenager who was the backup pilot,
he was a young gray.
They looked just like someone from
Mongolia. But the other three, she and
the other three were actually humans.
They were young Chinese people that the
grace had rescued, not abducted, but
they they had been orphaned and the
grace had refued. And the whole point
was that they were trying to return them
to human society.
And but first you ought to find a human
who everybody trusts, including the
children. And the human has to be
somebody who trusts them in return. And
the human they had figured that they had
chosen had this last name Hall and a
first name Charlie. Okay, they're
Charles, right? And you say, "Well, why
didn't they tell me?" And they say,
"Well, that's why we picked him cuz
he'll figure it out if we just give him
time, right? Why tell him early and
scare him?" Right? You know, that's why
we picked him because he's perfect at
convergent divergent reasoning and he'll
figure it out. And that's what they're
doing, waiting for me to come. And what
they had was the very same craft that of
the three that crashed at Roswell. What
they had was the very same craft. And in
the back of that craft,
>> do you think we know how to fly these
crafts now?
>> Do you think humans know how to fly
them? I'll finish this sentence and I'll
answer it. In the back of that craft was
a restroom.
>> In the back of all the cra all those
people are extra or real physical
biological entities.
>> They all have to eat. They all have to
breathe air, drink water, and they all
have to periodically go to the restroom.
And therefore, every craft in the back
has a bathroom. You see? And therefore
when you say like the crash at Kingman
>> Mhm.
>> the lady that the young lady that
survived that the sheriff there said
that who after she came out and they
were waiting for help to come. What did
she do? His in his own words he said she
went back in the craft and stayed in the
back. And one and the UFO people say it
must be a shrine where she was praying.
And of course, I think that's really
laughable because having seen the craft,
there's no shrine back there. What there
is is a bathroom. And if the craft and
and there's also food storage and so if
the craft has crashed and she's got to
wait a while, like every other
biological entity, they're going to fall
back on the bathroom. You see, there's
no reason to fall back on the control
panels because the craft isn't running.
That's why they crashed. See? But the
UFO people all have this thing. Well,
there was a time they said in all those
craft there must be a shrine in the
back, you know, where they go and pray.
And you say, "No, no, no, no. I've seen
the craft. They're going, that's a
bathroom, right?" And I have a whole
class of stories in that vein.
And so when I say my advantage is that
I've been there and seen that, I say the
wreckage that was sitting in the run in
the in the
hanger at Roswell that was recovered
from Roswell.
When you say what was that like? Well,
that wreckage had the bathroom on the
other side. And so that meant for the
part that blew in was blowing in on the
food storage, you see. And so when you
went in the wreckage of that, I would
guess that you'd find on the other side
what remained of the restroom, which
might not be very much. And when Okay.
But now an answer to what was your
question that you wanted me?
>> I asked if humans you mentioned that
these there were these Chinese occupants
of the craft. Do you think that humans
can fly these exotic, you know, ET
crafts?
>> It's like everything else if they're
trained.
Okay. It's like if if they have an
opportunity to learn, if they have a a
trainer, if they Yeah. It's not
something you can do naturally for the
same reason that a Cessna a Cessna
airplane is a they tell me is a pretty
simple airplane to fly. I've actually
flown one as co-pilot for about 45
minutes, but not by myself. There was a
trained pilot. I was in the co-pilot
seat and the trained pilot was in the
pilot seat
>> and it was a nice night and all I was
doing was flying straight and level and
saying I'm not moving anything. Okay, if
you call that fly in. Well,
>> does does the training involve a mind
matter connection? Uh there are rumors
that there are no control panels. Do you
sort of psychically connect with the
craft?
>> You don't do anything psychically.
Everything is electronics.
The electronics either are adjusted
to tell what you're thinking
and therefore react because you're
thinking
or
to
not work at all. It isn't the person
>> that has to change their way of
thinking. M
>> it's the person who's adjusting the
electronics
has to adjust it. It's unique for each
human.
>> So how many of these tall whites were
out there with you if you had to guess
or estimate?
>> Um it varied with how many ships were in
port. See, the the ba the deep
spaceships
were would arrive and would come and go
on schedule the same way an airport is.
So they liked to come and go near the
night of the full moon. And on the night
of the full moon, the moon is the moon
and the earth and the sun all form a
line. So behind the Earth in its orbit
is a you see is a uniform gravitational
field and it's going away from the
incoming craft. So if anything goes
wrong they can back off and the earth
won't run into them. It'll go away. This
is much different than the Norwegians
with 24 teeth who want to do it who want
to come in on the front side of the
earth because the Norwegians with 24
teeth with less technology must land at
any price even if the earth runs into
them. So that but the grays and the but
the tall whites the deep spacecraft of
the tall whites want to come in on in
the night of the full moon. The grays
who have a base on the moon come and go
at any time they want. The the tall
whites
the craft are come on schedule and they
have different schedules. Some are
making a two-month schedule. The longest
schedule I saw was craft that take five
years. And those craft with a fiveyear
schedule, I was told, were coming
directly from their home planet.
Of course, since the craft all the craft
travel many times faster than the speed
of light, I'm not sure where their home
planet was. But if there was no cra if
there were no craft in port, then the
number of tall whites at the base
wasn't particularly large.
I'm not sure what the number was, but it
would be rare to see as many as a
hundred
out in the desert if there were no if
there were no ships in deep spacecraft
in port. On the other hand, the night
that um Pamela was supposed to pass her
test to head up a technology transfer a
tallway technology transfer team by
dressing up and disguising themselves as
by dressing up and disguising herself as
a human woman. And the other the other
12 white by dressing up and disguising
himself as a human man specifically
named Charlie Hall. and she would
specifically pretend to be his wife so
they could go into places like Liverour
and pretend to be humans and talk to the
the scientists.
I'm guessing
>> Wait, explain what you just said
>> in a minute. The the night she was going
to
>> Are you saying that you're a tall white?
>> No, I'm not a tall white. I was born in
Brooklyn, Wisconsin. My parents all came
from England.
>> Well, then but they they
mimic you. One of the tall whites
disguised themselves as you and your
wife and then showed up at Liverour
Labs,
>> I'm guessing. I'm guessing.
>> And how do you know? Well, where did
that come from?
>> I've never seen any classified
documents. I'm guessing only from my
personal experience talking with the
tall whites. They've told you that they
kind of used you for inspiration to
infiltrate or not infiltrate, maybe
that's too aggressive a word, but to
enter American scientific programs.
>> I'm just totally guessing. But the night
she was
>> show them how to uh not be afraid around
humans and to act easily when in the
presence of humans. M
>> that was his
>> whole mo that he was supposed to be
there. So they cuz they were as
terrified of of us as we might have been
terrified by them and it was
>> that was the what the program was.
>> So what on that night?
>> Yeah. On that night, there were more
tall white sculpt craft located up the
valley and on the eastern side of Indian
Springs Valley.
>> On what night?
>> The night that Pamela was supposed to
pass her final exam,
the crowd that formed of tall whites and
a few human generals and bigwigs on the
eastern side of the valley. There were
more than I could count. I stopped
counting at fif at 35,
but I guessed there were at least 70
there. There were so many scout craft
and tall whites that that whole side of
the valley was white fluorescent light
people scout. It looked like a county
fair over there. And all they were going
to do is watch her Pamela while the
teacher and Pamela was they over where
the ammunition bunker was at at 3 and
1/2 miles was to was to watch her the
teacher and Pamela walk down the paved
pathway or onelane road from the
ammunition bunker on the east side down
to about a halfway way where there was a
ridge and then the teacher would wait
there and then Pamela with all of her
technology turned off.
Okay. On totally trusting
to that I'm a nice guy to be around.
Okay. otherwise totally helpless against
me if I'm not was supposed to continue
walking down the down the um pathway
until she got to the range boards and
then while I was working while I was had
released the balloon and I was tracking
the balloon to just walk over to me
um disguised as a human she didn't have
to be disguised as a human lady
wearing her natural suit, totally turned
off, to just walk over to me the way you
and I are, and then while I was working,
walk around behind me and turn her back
to me, proving that she trusted me. Just
like the scene from the man called horse
where the where the guy have where the
Indian chief does that to horse t turn
around and talk to me with her back
turned towards me totally turned off her
everything and then walk around to the
other with everybody watching and then
walk around and say it's been so nice to
meet you Charlie and then go on and then
then she could leave then and her hus
the guy pretending to be me as her
husband would then have to do it next.
Okay. On that night, on that night, she
failed the test. On that night, she
panicked and got about well, she didn't
even get down to the quarter mile limit
when she panicked and was afraid that I
was a truly an ugly monster that she
couldn't trust and ran off. But there
came a night when she had to do that.
And that's described in my book. What do
what do you think the tall whites want
with humanity? Do you think they have
goals for us or do you think they're
just trying to engage in diplomatic
relations?
>> Well, they came here in the middle of
the last ice age because
we for the same reason that we have a
base on Guam.
The sun and the solar system exists in a
the middle of a huge void in space. The
next closest star, Alpha Centauri or Pro
Proximus Centauri, is almost four light
years away. Mo most stars or many stars
have another star within two light
weeks.
Okay, it's not all unusual for many
stars to be not more than a lightyear
apart
for the s if you're going to cross that
big void in space as you're conducting
interstellar commerce for your own good
then it's nice to have a place in the
middle because that void is therefore
something like eight or 10 light years
across
or six or eight a big long light there.
It's nice to have a place in the middle
where you can stop and get food and
water, go outside your spacecraft and
repair it, where you can stop and and
rest and but also get minerals or other
things that you might need.
>> So, it's a pit stop.
>> It's a pit stop.
>> Interesting. And and of course the
reason that there are many of their
spacecraft doing that is because there's
only is for the same reason that there
are many Air Force planes that stop at
Guam cuz location.
>> What do you make of
>> if you're there? It's a big help if you
have some locals who grow some food for
you. They're planteaters, the toolites,
as the grays are, and do the work of
harvesting and hand you the food.
>> What do you make of rumors, stories that
Ike Eisenhower, you know, meeting
possibly, you know, Palm Springs 1954,
this this this treaty, you know, you say
five five crafts showed up. There's
another story um called you know Halman
Air Force Base uh where there's a
landing and uh there's a possible
interaction between you know some
generals on the base and uh these these
tall beings but they seem to actually
have like almost feronic Egyptian uh
headdress and uh this was this video I
think was promised at one point to Rod
Serling and Bob Emmanager who made UFOs
past, present and future. And the video
never came. But uh I've spoken to, you
know, some pretty interesting people in
the UFO whistleblower world who uh do
stand by that account that that that was
like a real meeting. Do you do you think
that that happened? And was it was it
tall was it a tall white that came out
of the craft at Holman Air Force Base?
Um,
I'll maintain my policy of never
commenting on other people's stories and
and the reason the reason is because uh
my books are based totally on my own
experience.
>> Y
>> and and it's not based on anything I've
read or any they're not based on any any
classified material. I was never part of
any project. They're based on what when
you say what was life for me.
>> Yeah.
>> And they're and what I'm trying to do in
my books. One of the major things I'm
trying to do in my books is I'm trying
to tell my grandkids how it was for me.
And I'm trying to point out to them that
when you're personally dealing with the
extraterrestrials,
you feel differently than when you're
personally dealing with your guardian
angels.
>> Your guardian angels are like brothers
who love you. There's never any fear
with the sensation that your guardian
angels are there with you. And they've
because each of us, I believe, has two
guardian angels at least who are always
with us and have nothing else to do but
keep track of each one of us. And and
and I get so frustrated when I see so
many humans who mean well trying to
confuse
guardian angels and what God and love
and the guardian angels are doing with
what the biological entities who are
extraterrestrials are doing.
And so I and that's what I'm trying to
do in my book. I'm not trying to I don't
care what the government wants to
classify. That's fine with me if they
want to classify the recipe for Hershey
ch candy bars and say you can have one,
Charlie, but don't tell anybody. You
know,
>> do you miss do you miss the tall whites?
Do you feel an emotional affection
towards them? You said that you and
Range for Harry were like brothers. Uh
do you ever think, hey, maybe I could
contact Range for Harry or go back and
speak to him, go back to the to the
range to Nellis?
Well, uh, if I let's say if I were out
in the desert, let's say out by Dale
here in New Mexico,
which is one of the tall white
playgrounds,
let's say if if I ever were out there
and and let's say I happened to see
them. If I were to just say, "Well, I
just wanted to, you know, monkey around
and see you or, you know, whatever."
Well, that they might say, "Well, now
you've seen us and so go on about their
business." See, they're very goal
oriented, even though they like us. And
it's not that they're being rude. It's
because remember the teacher in 1965
who had been born when George Washington
was born
when she was playing with when she was
over at range two that Sunday with her
daughter
who she called the butterfly and the
little white girl that she wanted to be
friends with her little with her
daughter cuz she the little girls could
be friends. She was standing there on
the side in a very n uh they were
playing on the skip bomb area and the
two the two boys were playing also. She
was standing a little ways away from him
on the higher ground, slightly higher
ground. She was very nostalgic
remembering her childhood
>> where she played on the same piece of
ground with a little Native American
girl who was equivalent to her age. five
years old at the time. But her memories
of that little Indian Native American
girl that was her very best friend at
the time in the time because they lived
10 times longer than we do. In the time
that passed while she went from see
equivalently being say in the fourth
grade to the seventh grade
for us those are just a few years. In
that equivalent time, the native the
Native American little girl grew to
adulthood, got married, had children,
went through her entire life cycle, and
died of old age just in the time the
teacher had gone through the equivalent
lifestyle of from the fourth grade to
the seventh grade.
>> Do you think they feel a fondness for
humans? Like
>> they do. They do. But on the other hand,
you from their point of view, gee, I'm
80 years old right now. You know, I'll
be dead. And what for them is the blink
of an eye. I know even if I live to be a
hundred, I'll you know, it's just two
more I only have two more years to live.
So from their point of view, if I say
were out there at my age,
they would you you they might they they
might I mean they're friends,
but you have to remember that
socializing and being friends
for them with humans
is a little bit like us being friends
and socializing. ing with say a a dog in
its old age that we may not have seen
for 5 or 10 years.
>> There's a guy at NASA who has a deep
interest in uh these sorts of things,
experiencers. Uh his name is Timothy
Taylor. Have you heard of him by any
chance?
>> Did you say Timothy Taylor?
>> Yeah.
>> He's a good friend of ours.
>> Oh, so you know you know Timothy Taylor.
>> Mhm.
>> Tim Taylor. This is one of those
characters where, well, if you know, you
know, but if you don't, there's probably
a reason why the mood shifted here,
folks. Tim Taylor was a NASA engineer
who became a biotech entrepreneur and
according to Diana Pulka's book American
Cosmic, where he appeared under the
pseudonym Tyler D, has remained actively
involved in launch operations for NASA
up until today. Pulka paints Taylor as
an enigmatic figure who led her and
Stanford microbiologist Gary Nolan to a
UFO crash site in New Mexico. By many,
he's considered a gatekeeper,
well-connected with access to crash
retrieval secrets, as well as personally
receiving what he termed downloads of
information from other worldly sources.
He claimed these downloads were
facilitated by protocols he engaged in.
Protocols that allowed him to
communicate with non-human
intelligences. In Pulka's book, Taylor
undergoes a profound conversion in the
Vatican archives, blending technology
and the phenomenon in what became a
personal revelation.
>> And then he he decided to convert. But
also what happens is he changes his idea
of what these things are that he's
feeling he's getting signals from.
because we were studying saints who had
these experiences
>> and he was thinking that they're more in
line with what they were, you know,
experiencing.
>> And outside of her account, super
experiencer Chris Bledso's memoir openly
names Taylor as a NASA insider who
befriended him after his encounters.
Sometimes Taylor would bring other
scientists or officials to witness
Bledso's experiences. I myself was
briefly in contact with Taylor and I'm
not sure what to make of him. And even
though I was shocked that his name came
up in this conversation, I wasn't
necessarily surprised. The deeper cut on
Tim Taylor is that he himself is some
sort of time traveler, part of a secret
program adjusting timelines. This
doesn't come from me. Perhaps my
favorite figure, aerospace engineer and
anti-gravity inventor Thomas Towns and
Brown is connected with Tim Taylor. This
is where the story gets weird. Thomas
Townsen Brown was obsessed with
anti-gravity. But gravity and time have
a tight relationship in general
relativity. This is just standard
physics. So the subplot of his great
biography by Paul Shatskin, the man who
mastered gravity, is that Townsen Brown
was obsessed with time travel. He would
talk about it constantly with his
friends and family. Apparently, Tim
Taylor told Ryan Bledsoe, Chris Bledso's
son, that he was part of a secret group
in Nassau in the Bahamas that dealt with
time travel. I would dismiss this out of
hand entirely, but there are some even
more interesting connections between
Towns and Brown and Tim Taylor. There's
an Amazon review that Towns and Brown's
daughter wrote on Tim Taylor's
biography, Launch Fever. In that
biography, Tim Taylor talks about his
time traveling back and forth to the
Bahamas. He spent a lot of time in
Nassau. Towns and Brown also spent a ton
of time in Nassau. In fact, his
biographer Paul Shatskin even coined a
term for a secret group that used to
meet there. It was called the Nassau
Group and it included the elite of the
elite, industrialists like Eldidge
Reeves Johnson and even the inspiration
for James Bond and Church Hill super spy
William Stevenson who helped form the
CIA. So maybe Tim and Townsen are part
of a secret time travel group. Who
knows? But it is interesting that Taylor
seems to consistently pop up around very
important experiencers in the United
States. Now, back to our conversation.
How did you guys originally meet Tim
Taylor? He's sort of this uh very
interesting figure, you know, works with
NASA and he's very interested in
>> He came here because he found out about
Charles.
And that was when his daughter, the one
who had the the baby, was like, what was
she maybe in fifth grade when they came
the first time?
>> Yeah, we
>> Why do you think he was he became
interested in your story? my wife can
answer all the questions
>> be because he he realized as far as he
was concerned that Charles was the the
real article was legitimate
>> and
as I say it's really concerned me
because I've tried to email other people
because he he brought other people to
meet us and visit with us. They they one
of the guys cooked right here in my
kitchen. And so I tried to contact those
people because I had in uh emails for
them and I never got a response about
what happened to him.
>> Who who did he bring?
>> Um let me see. King,
David King, wasn't that his name? And
doc, what was the what was the doctor
that was? Um,
I I think I still have the emails,
but he brought lots of people here and
oh, brought them to Las Vegas.
>> Kit Green. Dr. Kit Green, maybe. No,
>> we were at Green's house, I believe, and
he flew He flew us to Yeah.
>> Atlanta.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh had us meet the
>> Oh, what was their last name now? I
can't remember.
>> I know who you mean, honey, but I don't
remember the last.
>> We met all his friends.
>> They had a whole house full of people
and entertained us.
>> Interesting. What What did you get the
sense that did they just want to learn
or did they What do you
>> They were just big fans.
>> But because he introduced uh them to us,
>> what did you get this sense of like his
job at NASA? Do you do you know what he
does?
>> He said that he
>> uh
>> was no longer in involved that he went
into business but for himself and he
would Oh, that's the interesting story.
He'd been all over to the various Air
Force bases, etc., but he'd never been
to Creech before. And so when he came
back from Creech the first time, he said
he thought that Charles underplayed the
strangeness
that was going on there. He said they
were there for a ribbon cutting ceremony
>> and uh he was standing right next to a
friend of his. Oh, there were no lower
ranking people, just all officers.
and he said to the guy, "Um, do you mind
if I just drive up the road, you know, a
mile or two? I won't get out of the
car." And the guy said, "Oh, that would
be a very bad idea." And then just that
quickly, he said, "I'm so glad you could
make it for this." You know, like I
didn't say what I just said. And uh
yeah, so he he was really even more um
impressed with uh Charles uh account
after he finally got the chance to visit
Creech for the first time.
>> Did he ever say where his interest in
ETSs came from?
>> I don't remember that he said that. No,
>> there were many things. We never talked
about his work or
>> things of that nature and
and um we also
never talked about projects that he was
associated with or anything like that.
>> Did he ever ask you about your hall
photon theory?
>> Um yeah,
>> I'm sure we talked about it. He was
interested actually in buying a house
and moving out here.
>> He he seems to pop in when when um
experiencers have anomalous experiences
with.
>> We never had any trouble getting in
touch with him. And as I say, we the
last contact we had was just when he
said, you know, he was looking forward
to being a grandfather.
>> Mhm.
>> And that was it. He just disappeared. We
never heard from him since.
>> I've heard that from numerous people. He
did that. I mean, I had
>> I had very intermittent correspondence
with him, but he dropped off on me close
to Chris Bled, so a bunch of other
people. So,
>> it's just that ours went on for so many
years.
>> Yeah.
>> You said 15 years,
>> I think. So, yeah.
>> Wow.
>> It's so strange that he would just not
contact you after 15 years, though.
>> Yeah. I I mean, we we shared a lot of
really personal things
>> and you know, of course, he converted
converted to Catholicism.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. recently in what in 201 like 15
16ish
>> something like that
>> during his trip to the Vatican.
>> Yeah. And he'd been he'd been to Rome
several times after that.
So yeah.
>> Do you think when he went to the Vatican
archives he experienced anything around
the ET topic? Any confirmation of of of
that?
>> I have no idea. But when Charles and I
went to Rome if for the first time in uh
what was that
five six something around there um I
took the first three books as a
presentation for Pope Benedict
>> and
uh a couple you know like two months
later when we were home we actually got
a thank you note from Pope Benedict.
>> Really? My god.
>> Yeah. That's amazing.
>> I We put uh I think we xeroxed it and
put it in the in book four, maybe.
>> Wow.
>> Could we see that? I'd love to see his
banking note. That'd be amazing. Oh,
it's in book four. Okay,
>> that's awesome.
>> Do you believe that Timothy Taylor has
ever met an extraterrestrial?
>> He certainly didn't say anything about
meeting.
>> Has he shared any personal sightings
that he's ever had?
>> No. But maybe the fact that he
disappeared, maybe
>> maybe he went off with them somewhere. I
don't know.
One night I was out in range three and a
group of new arrivals, it was after the
full moon, a week or so, and as usual, a
group of the guards, the the permanent
the permanently assigned tall white
guards at the base at the base at the
base up at the north end of Indian
Springs Valley brought down a they were
using the the tourist model Scoutcraft,
which had seating for like two dozen and
they brought it down brought them down
to the to the range tree area so they
could see me the first human that any of
those tollways had ever seen. And while
I was there they they came in too close.
I expect them being new people to stop
at least to the quarter mile which was
more common. But they kept coming in
because they were assured that I was a
nice guy until they were as close as you
guys are. Well, this was new. The guard
was in position. The this was when I was
still new and still not completely at
ease being around them. And since the
new people are armed, too, that meant
that, you know, I was somewhat
intimidated. And what there was an older
lady or a middle-aged lady and and I was
at my theatite stand. I was tracking a
balloon and and so I I said, "Well, so I
just turned to him and I said looked at
him and I just said, I'm feeling a
little scared and you know, so I'm just
going to put my stuff here and I'm going
to go into base and you guys can stay
and look around and do whatever you want
and have fun." And then I backed away
and I went walking, not running. in Key
Point walking to my truck that was
parked some distance away on the other
side of my the generator shack. And as I
was walking, this middle-aged lady said
to the guard, she was kind of surprised.
She said, "We didn't do anything wrong,
did we? I mean, you know, we didn't."
And and the, you know, what's he like?
And the guard proceeded to tell the tr
the group what they thought of I was
like the guard said and I quote, "Well,
he seems to talk more than most humans
and he seems to eat a lot more than most
humans and us, but you know, you don't
worry if you and he scares a lot more
easily than most humans." But see, he's
different. He just goes in and talks and
eats and then he comes right back out.
The others once we fried them would
never come back and might not eat again
for a couple of days. And they were all
laughing. So just wait here. He'll be
back out after lunch. Just give him time
to eat and talk to some of the other
guys. He'll be right back.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. That's what they thought of me.
>> That encapsulates how
>> I wasn't braver than the other guys. I
scared easier. But just let me eat and
talk for a while. I'll get over it.
Well, that encapsulates I think you and
how special you are because it it shows
in the um documentary that Emil made as
well where like initially you are scared
and you don't know what to do and I
think most people would have a reflexive
allergic reaction and kind of run away
and your reaction is just to kind of
>> I know 41 men that would agree with you.
>> Yeah.
>> If if the not all of them are still
alive,
>> right? Oh, interesting. So for 41 men
who were had nervous breakdowns were
>> sent out before me and came back came
back compromised of
>> compromised meaning mentally unstable
>> some of them but some of them just
wouldn't go out there again just well
the one the guy before me had deserted
but the one I remember the one I always
felt sorry it's the one I described in
my book he was the one that was out at
range four one night and when they first
sent him out there and the tall whites
came in the and I'll use my words not
his the tall whites came in the
high-speed horse formation and they came
from the northwest mountains that when
you're in Indian Springs of mount to the
north and northwest they came down and
they were coming across the dry lake bed
at range four and they were very close
to where and he was he was at the
weather station range for and he
couldn't believe they were real cuz they
were floating. And when he so he went
out there and surprised them and he got
too close to them cuz they still had
their suits powered up and they were
still in the tall white for in the high
in the floating in the uh high-speed
horse formation and he got too close to
them and the suits which put out
radioactive particles and you could see
them. And they see when they were turned
up high enough they would sparkle. You
could see the alpha particles and the
beta particles and coming out and the
other particles. You could actually see
the decay chains coming off the suits
and the suit and his shoulder almost
touched one of the shoes. And I saw his
x-rays and pictures.
>> Wow.
>> At the when I was at the Nellis Space
Hospital.
>> Wow. And and it in the it the doctor
himself said it it looked like the
wounds from the hero victims of the
Hiroshima blast and it looked like his
whole show the meat the fell everything
had been cooked off.
>> Wow.
>> Okay. Yeah. Had had been cooked off had
you know the bone was exploded and he
just barely made it back to base alive.
Did you ever did you ever experience any
radiation damage due to your
interactions with them or
>> No, not that I'm aware of. And part of
the reason was because of part of the
reason was because you could see the the
fluorescent if they had their suits
turned up high enough, you could see the
radioactive decay particles. And of
course I recognized them immediately as
radioactive decay particles cuz in those
days in the early 19 that was in 1965.
Well, see, in the early 1950s, you could
still get radium paint and put it on
your watch or your toys, and if you had
a magnifying glass, and you went into a
very dark room and waited like 45 or 50
minutes for your eyes to perfectly
adjust to the darkness and used a
radiation, a magnifying glass, you could
actually see the subatomic particles
come off the radium paint, the alpha
particles, of beta particles of gamma
rays and see. So when I saw those coming
off their the suits of the tall whites
out in the desert, I knew perfectly well
what they were. I was surprised by how
big the part the tracks were and how far
they carried. When it came off from
radium paint, the tracks would be coming
off just a short distance like that.
when you saw them out in the desert,
they would be coming off distances like
like that there. So, those suits had a
tremendous power.
>> Charles,
>> yeah,
>> this has been an absolute honor. I
appreciate your time, man.
>> Mhm.